Add README for setting up Stork Publisher Agent (#15)
Stork-Oracle/stork-external: cli/stork-publisher-agent/README.md

# Stork Publisher Agent

> The easiest way to become a Stork Publisher is to run the Stork Publisher Agent docker container on your infrastructure and send price updates to the Agent through a local websocket. The Stork Publisher Agent will sign your price updates with your private key and send them to the Stork Network.

Reviewer: Do we want to say anything about the data being auto-routed?

Author: I tried to abstract over that by saying we "send updates to the Stork Network" - not sure if publishers will care about the routing logic. Happy to add it if you think it's useful though

## Getting Started

### Setup
To run the agent on your infrastructure, you'll need to first create a `config.json` file containing all non-secret configuration and a `secrets.json` file containing all secret configuration, and then run the Stork Publisher Agent docker container.

Here we open a websocket at `ws://localhost:5216/publish` which will both EVM sign every update.

> `config.json`:

Reviewer: Is there somewhere we can link to the full list of allowable configurations?

Author: good idea - linked to the struct in `config.go`

```json
{
  "SignatureTypes": ["evm"],
  "IncomingWsPort": 5216,
  "SignEveryUpdate": true
}
```

> You'll need to generate your own EVM and/or Stark keys, choose a unique 5 character oracle id and get a StorkAuth key from Stork.

Reviewer: This is fine for now, but how will they know it is unique? This should probably be part of the Stork Registry process.

Author: yea agreed - taking out "unique" for now since it's really just wishful thinking

> You'll need to generate your own EVM and/or Stark keys, choose a unique 5 character oracle id and get a StorkAuth key from Stork.

Reviewer: Note - It would be nice if we added a tool in the cli to generate keys eventually too

`secrets.json`:
```json
{
  "EvmPrivateKey": "0x8b558d5fc31eb64bb51d44b4b28658180e96764d5d5ac68e6d124f86f576d9de",
  "EvmPublicKey": "0x99e295e85cb07c16b7bb62a44df532a7f2620237",
  "OracleId": "oracl",
  "StorkAuth": "fake_auth"
}
```

You can run the docker container like this:
```bash
docker run --platform linux/arm64 --pull always --restart always --name publisher-agent -p 5216:5216 -v /home/ubuntu/config.json:/etc/config.json -v /home/ubuntu/secrets.json:/etc/secrets.json -d --log-opt max-size=1g storknetwork/stork-cli:v1.0.0 publisher-agent -c /etc/config.json -k /etc/secrets.json
```

> The command will pull the docker image from our registry and run it in detached mode. If the container crashes it will automatically restart. We're currently assuming your config files are located in `/home/ubuntu` and that you're using port 5216 for the incoming websocket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will pull the docker image from our registry and run it in detached mode. If the container crashes it will automatically restart. This example assumes your config files are located in `/home/ubuntu` and that you're using port 5216 for the incoming websocket.
```

Note that you may need to change the `--platform` argument if you're using an amd64 architecture.

### Publishing Prices

> To publish a price to the Stork Network, you can just connect to your Stork Publisher Agent's local port and send prices for each asset.

Reviewer: Nit - remove "just"

In practice you'll probably want to use a websocket client in your chosen language, but here's an example using bash for simplicity:
```bash
ubuntu@ip-10-0-30-216:~$ wscat -c "ws://localhost:5216/publish"
Connected (press CTRL+C to quit)
> {"type": "prices", "data": [{"t":1725930515326901000, "a": "BTCUSD", "v": 57565.21}, {"t":1725930515326901500, "a": "ETHUSD", "v": 2565.21}]}
```
The only information you need to pass is the asset's name, its price and the timestamp you observed that price in nanos. You can pass multiple price updates in one websocket message.

> ## Using Clock and Delta Triggers

Reviewer: I feel like the two input options should be colocated, lets move this section below.

Or - lets create a designated section to describe the various ways the tool can be configured to help users define how best to run it based on their use-case

> If you have very fast-updating price feeds, signing every price update can be CPU-intensive. If your publisher agent is not able to keep up with the updates you send it, you may want to remove the `"SignEveryUpdate": true` configuration from your `config.json`.

Reviewer: I think its likely that we will want to make the default that they use the clock and delta rather than use `SignEveryUpdate`.

Author: makes sense - it's already the default in the configuration. Updating so it's the default in the docs too

Without this configuration the Stork Publisher Agent will sign the latest price every 500 ms, or if the price changes by more than 0.1%. This may significantly reduce the CPU needed for the Stork Publisher Agent.

## Using a Pull-Based Websocket
If you already have a websocket server which accepts subscriptions and outputs prices, you can leave out the `IncomingWsPort` configuration and instead set `PullBasedWsUrl` in your config.json, plus `PullBasedWsSubscriptionRequest` and `PullBasedAuth` if needed.

Note that this assumes your websocket server outputs price updates that are structured like this:
```json

> {"type":"prices","data":[{"t":1725931226413064599,"a":"1000000BONKUSD","p":17.17585875,"r":"clock"},{"t":1725931226413065579,"a":"1000000BONKUSDMARK","p":17.167358324999995,"r":"clock"}}

Reviewer: I don't think we actually do anything with "r" right now, lets leave it out of the docs
